Added `storage` directives to terraform configuration (#355)
canonical/grafana-agent-k8s-operator: terraform/README.md

| `model_name`| string | Name of the model that the charm is deployed on |  |
| `revision`| number | Revision number of the charm name | null |
| `units`| number | Number of units to deploy | 1 |

> | `grafana_data-storage-size`| number | Number of units to deploy | 1 |

Reviewer: Please fix the description here, e.g. include `<count>,<size>,<label>=<pool>` and a mention that this sets the `Storage constraint (directive)`. Also, a comment about what unit (if we still think hard-coding the unit is a good idea) is being configured.

Author: changed it to <count><size>

> | `grafana_data_storage_size`| number | Size of the data volume | 1GB |

Reviewer: FIXME: Update the default with the value we decide in this PR
```suggestion
| `storage`| map(string) | Map of storage used by the application. | {} |
```
